This file is meant to offer extra comments regarding the "growth_framework_solution.py" file, as well as discussing obstacles I encountered while trying to get it to work, how I debugged and fixed them.

Main challenges:
Getting Fg to update correctly.
- Getting the differentiation of the strain energy function to work. The strain energy function can be defined in terms of different kinematic quantities for the weak form, but to get the differentiation to work, it has to be defined only in terms of the variable you are differentiating with respect to. For this problem, I had to convert the SEF to be completely in terms of the deformation gradient F, and explicitly declare F (Fmat) as a "variable". This still didn't solve the issue, but is true in general. To completely solve this, I had to define the SEF as a lambda function. I think there is something going on with F being a static/constant value after solving the weak form, so differentiating wrt it yielded zeros. Explicitly defining the SEF as a lambda function dependent on F solved it.
- Used the line "theta_ss = ...", creating a new object theta_ss that was no longer linked to Fg. Updating this new theta_ss was not accurately updated in Fg. To fix this, I used "theta_ss.assign()" to change the values of the existing function, which is linked to the Fg calculation. Growth wasn't occurring, and by printing out theta_ss and Fg, I could see there was a mismatch. Thinking about how in FEniCS, you are supposed to be able to define a relationship once, and values are updated, there had to be something occurring with the assignment of theta_ss.
- Mesh was growing, but the deviation wasn't shrinking. Turns out applying Press.P to the right face is specified as force per unit area. To check this, I calculated the reaction force at the fixed left end, and saw that even though the pressure applied was constant, the reaction force was increasing with growth. Since FEniCS knew the updated area, it was able to apply the appropriate force so that the applied pressure was the same each iteration, no matter the growth. To alter this, I had to calculate the new area face, and modify the applied pressure so that the total force applied is the same each iteration, decreasing the actual pressure applied. This allowed for growth to converge.
- The area of the right face after a few iterations was calculated as zero. This caused an infinite pressure to be applied (bad). What was happening was the right face of the mesh was not appropriately marked as part of the "Right" class, as seen in the saved facetboundaries file. The tolerance for the newton solver is smaller than the tolerance used to mark the face, so using the displacement from the newton solver to grow the mesh resulted in a right face that was not located at x=1 +/- 1E-14. Decreasing the tolerance for the creating of the "Right" class fixed this. This shouldn't be a problem in ventricle simulations.
