---
title: Fiber Isotonic Twitch With Compliance
parent: Demos
grand_parent: Getting Started
nav_order: 4
---

Summary
-------
A muscle fiber twitch simulation with a traction boundary condition. A cylinder geometry in which the ends represent non-contracting, fibrous tissue with a nonlinear stiffness and the quadrature points represent contracting myofibrils. Once a prescribed traction on the right end is reached through myofibril contraction, the fiber is allowed to change length to maintain this boundary condition for the remainder of the simulation.  

Simulation Protocol
-------------------
The right end of the fiber is displaced to the right 14% over 5 ms to induce a passive stress response. This stretch is maintained for 10 ms at a calcium concentration of 1e-7 M to allow the cross-bridges to reach steady state. Then the cell is activated with a skeletal muscle calcium transient approximation[^1] using the [two-compartment calcium](../../../model_formulations/calcium_models/two_compartment_model/two_compartment_model.md) model, and stretch held fixed, allowing the myofibrils to contract against the compliance at either end. The contractile parameters are tuned to match twitch stress data from literature[^2]. Once the stress at the right face reaches 50 kPa, a traction boundary condition on the right end of 50kPa is enforced.

Boundary Conditions & Assumptions
---------------------------------
- Left face displacement is fixed in the x-direction.
- Notes on the left fact on the y and z-axes are constrained to remain on those axes to prevent rigid body rotation and translation
- Right face displacement is prescribed to give the desired magnitude of stretch until a stress on the right face reaches 50 kPa, then a traction boundary condition is enforced.
- The material is incompressible.
- All myofibril active stress is along the long-axis.

Results
-------
*(update with final contraction parameters when paper is submitted)*  
A representative myofibril result plot obtained from k_plotter_npy.py:  
* Insert plots

The mesh deformation, color coded to indicate magnitude of active-stress:  


The stress on the right face (reaction force in the x-direction resolved over the reference area of the right face):  

This simulation gives a displacement of the right end for the active stress generated by the myofibrils, and thus an idea of the work performed by the muscle fiber. Relating the work to myosin-ATPase (calculated using data from MyoSim) gives a measure of the efficiency of the fiber.


[^1]: Gonzalez, E., Messi, M. L., & Delbono, O. (2000). The specific force of single intact extensor digitorum longus and soleus mouse muscle fibers declines with aging. J Membr Biol, 178(3), 175-183. doi:10.1007/s002320010025

[^2]: Baylor, S. M., & Hollingworth, S. (2003). Sarcoplasmic reticulum calcium release compared in slow-twitch and fast-twitch fibres of mouse muscle. J Physiol, 551(Pt 1), 125-138. doi:10.1113/jphysiol.2003.041608
